Dear Recruitment Committee,
I am writing to apply for the Imagery Science and Analytics Internship at your company. I have been working in the field of AI and Machine Learning for a few years now, and I think I would be a good fit for this role. I am also familiar with Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud Computing concepts, including Amazon Sagemaker, which is an umbrella of services AWS provides to specifically support machine learning workflows.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Imagery Science and Analytics Internship program was too much of a coincidence for me to ignore, since I am currently on the verge of finishing the AWS AI & ML Scholarship program in August 2024.
This scholarship has made me practice, but also confident enough to apply for your life-changing opportunity, where I can finally make my dreams of securing a successful career come true.
I personally need at this stage of my career to specialize in some specific knowledge domain within the data science field in order to enhance my skills and capacity to contribute to the greater impact of society.
I have been in the scientific field from Mechanical Engineering to Artificial Intelligence for close to five years now.
I started with research from my design project (during my bachelor's degree program), to now engaging with hands-on projects from the start of my Nano degree program.
As an undergraduate student of the Mechanical Engineering course, I had the opportunity to also study Sensors, Transducers and Actuators, Probability and Statistics for Engineers, Fundamentals of Programming, Object Oriented Programming and Industrial Safety. This has given me the basis from designing my very first project during my bachelor’s degree to understanding how to implement safety standards and best practices where necessary to reduce the risk of accidents. After obtaining my bachelor's degree, I developed a strong interest in putting my full energy into exploring the world of AI, machine learning, and deep learning. This was what led me to participate, compete, and win the AWS AI & ML Scholarship 2023 Winter Cohort.
Since then, things have not been the same again. I have grown and gained experience in Python, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Machine Learning, Feature Engineering, Amazon SageMaker, and PyTorch.
By August 2024, when I will be done with my final Nano degree “Machine Learning Fundamentals”, I am convinced that I will be a good match for what will be required in your internship program, based on the variety of Machine Learning projects I have completed to this stage.
I am currently on the verge of finishing my second project, a deep learning project, about developing a Handwritten Digits Classifier with PyTorch. 
In this project, I started by loading our dataset, visualizing the dataset, build my neural network, train the neural network, evaluate the network’s accuracy, and finally, tuning my hyperparameters, so as to improve the accuracy of my test data. From such a deep learning project, I can further engage with Computer Vision to help ensure nuclear safety and security for your institution.
Based on my experience, I think stepping out of my comfort zone to come to this internship in Austria will not be an issue. I do not have any specific medical condition that makes me sensitive to not being able to meet up with all of the health requirements for your internship. I will not also need much time to adapt, given that I have attained a matured age to stay without family for the sake of pursuing a successful career. I stayed in all my three years in the university without family. Moreover, I do not have any allergies, such as food allergies or seasonal allergies.
I am applying for this internship because such an opportunity will allow me to acquire top-notch knowledge and to be able to secure either a long-term career opportunity with the UN or a scholarship to further my studies.
I am determined to come up with key statistics, such as the accuracy of my model and the percentage the model positively impacts on IAEA. This will help me stand out when competing with others worldwide.
I appreciate so much for this opportunity you’ve given to me to express myself. I promise to do my best in bringing value to your prestigious Internship Program from what I have learnt elsewhere, if I’m being given the chance. I can make potential contributions in the aspect of Cloud computing specifically in Amazon Web Services (AWS) foundations